# PODNAME: WWW::ThisIsMyJam

=pod

=head1 NAME

WWW:ThisIsMyJam - Synchronous and asynchronous interfaces to This Is My Jam

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use WWW::ThisIsMyJam;
    my $jam = WWW::ThisIsMyJam->new;
    ...; # XXX - TODO

=head1 Description

This module provides access to Jam data through the new, official API in
synchronous or asynchronous mode.

The asynchronous mode requires you have L<AnyEvent> and L<AnyEvent::HTTP>
available. However, since it's just I<supported> and not I<necessary>, it is
not declared as a prerequisite.

=head1 METHODS

This Is My Jam provides an ultra simple, JSON-based API. First, we'll cover
public utility methods and then the categorized Jam functions.

=head2 new ( )

Creates a new L<WWW::ThisIsMyJam> object.

    # typical usage
    my $jam = WWW::ThisIsMyJam->new;

    # it would be pointless to change these, but it's possible
    my $jam = WWW::ThisIsMyJam->new(
        apiversion => 1,
        basename   => 'http://api.thisismyjam.com'
    );

=head2 Person

Person methods cover a single user.

=head3 user ( person )

A user's overview data includes all information about the requested person
along with their current jam (if any). All methods require at least a
username.

    # Fetch info for the Jam of the Day account
    my $overview = $timj->user( 'jamoftheday' );

    # Use callbacks for a specific user
    $timj->user( 'jamoftheday', cb => sub { my ( $overview ) = @_; ... } );

=head3 likes( person )

Returns a list of liked jams. Takes the optional parameter 'show', which
specifies whether ot include only current or past (expired) jams.

    # Get jams I like
    $timj->likes( 'jamoftheday' );

    # Only get active jams
    $timj->likes( { person => 'jamoftheday', show => 'current' } );

    # Only get expired jams from the past
    $timj->likes( { person => 'jamoftheday', show => 'past' } );

=head3 jams( user )

Returns a list of the person’s jams. Optional parameter 'show' can be set to
only show past (expired) jams.

    # Get all of a user's jams
    $timj->jams( person => 'jamoftheday' );

    # Only get (expired) jams from the past
    $timj->jams( person => 'jamoftheday', show => 'past' );

=head3 following( user )

Returns a list of people that a particular person is following. Optional
parameter 'order' can be set to sort the users: C<< order => 'followedDate' >>
orders by date followed; C<< order => 'affinity' >> currently orders by number
of likes from the requested person; C<< order => 'name' >> orders by name
alphabetically.

While omitted from the official documentation, observation indicates that
'affinity' is the default order.

    # Get users the person if following
    $timj->following( person => 'jamoftheday' );

    # Get users the person is following sorted by name
    $timj->following( person => 'jamoftheday', order => 'name' );

=head3 followers( user )

Returns a list of people that a particular person is followed by. Optional
parameter 'order' can be set to sort the users: C<< order => 'followedDate' >>
orders by date followed; C<< order => 'affinity' >> currently orders by number
of likes from the requested person; C<< order => 'name' >> orders by name
alphabetically.

While omitted from the official documentation, observation indicates that
'affinity' is the default order.

    # Get users the person if following
    $timj->followers( person => 'jamoftheday' );

    # Get users the person is following sorted by name
    $timj->followers( person => 'jamoftheday', order => 'name' );

=head3 follow( user )

Follow the specified user. Requires L<authentication|/Authentication>.

    # Follow someone
    $timj->follow( person => 'jamoftheday' );

=head3 unfollow( user )

Unfollow the specified user. Requires L<authentication|/Authentication>.

    # Unfollow someone
    $timj->unfollow( person => 'jamoftheday' );



=head1 API Methods and Arguments

Most This Is My Jam API methods take parameters. All WWW::ThisIsMyJam API
methods will accept a HASH ref of named parameters as specified in the
This Is My Jam API documentation. For convenience, many WWW::ThisIsMyJam
methods accept simple positional arguments. The positional parameter passing
style is optional; you can always use the named parameters in a HASH reference
if you prefer.

You may pass any number of required parameters as positional parameters. You
I<must> pass them in the order specified in the documentation for each method.
Optional parameters must be passed as named parameters in a HASH reference.
The HASH reference containing the named parameters must be the final parameter
to the method call. Any required parameters not passed as positional
parameters, must be included in the named parameter HASH reference.

For example, the REST API method C<following> has one required parameter,
C<person>. You can call update with a HASH ref argument:

    $timj->following({ person => 'jamoftheday' });

Or, you can use the convenient, positional parameter form:

    $timj->following('jamoftheday');

The C<following> method also has an optional parameter: C<order>. You B<must>
use the HASH ref form:

    $timj->following({ person => 'jamoftheday', order => 'name' });

You may use the convenient positional form for the required C<person>
parameter with the optional parameters specified in the named parameter HASH
reference:

    $timj->following('jamoftheday', { order => 'name' });

Convience form is provided for the required parameters of all API methods. So,
these two calls are equivalent:

    $timj->search_jams({ by => 'artist', q => 'Stone Roses' });
    $timj->search_jams('artist', 'Stone Roses');

=head2 Paging

Some methods return partial results a page at a time. For these, there is an
optional C<page> parameter. The first page is returned by passing
C<< page => 1 >>, the second page by passing C<< page => 2 >>, etc. If no
C<page> parameter is passed, the first page is returned.

Here's an example that demonstrates how to obtain all previous jams in a loop:

    my @favs;
    for ( my $page = 1; ; ++$page ) {
        push @favs, $timj->jams({ person => 'jamoftheday', page => $page })->{jams};
        last unless $r->{list}{hasMore}
    }

=head2 Asynchronus Callbacks

The supported asynchronous mode requires an additional parameter C<cb>. This
must be a CODE ref and works like so:

    $timj->verify({ cb => sub { ... } });

    $timj->jams( 'jamoftheday', { cb => sub { ... } });

=head1 Dependencies

=over 4

=item * L<Try::Tiny>

=item * L<HTTP::Tiny>

=item * L<JSON>

=item * L<Carp>

=item * L<URI>

=item * L<URI::QueryParam>

=back

=head2 Optional Dependencies

=over 4

=item * L<AnyEvent>

=item * L<AnyEvent::HTTP>

=back

=head1 See Also

=over 4

=item * L<Net::Twitter>

=item * L<Net::xkcd>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Sanko Robinson <sanko@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by Sanko Robinson.


TODO: Artistic 2 statement


=cut
